Feat/add recommended strict ruleset (#1311)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/beige-boats-shout.md

---
'@redocly/openapi-core': minor
'@redocly/cli': minor
---

> Added `recommended-strict` ruleset which uses the same rules as `recommeded` but with `error` severity level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `recommended-strict` ruleset which uses the same rules as `recommended` but with the severity level set to `error` for all rules.
```
